# xayn_front_office_sdk

XaynFrontOfficeSdk - JavaScript client for xayn_front_office_sdk
# Front Office
The front office is typically used within front-end apps, for example a website or a mobile application.
With this SDK, you can handle interactions with documents and request a list of personalized documents.

## User
Each method requires a `user_id`.
From our perspective, a `user_id` is simply required to group interactions together. We don't need to know who that user is, so it is preferred to create this `user_id` in a privacy-preserving way.
For example, create a hash method which transforms your user into an ID hash.

## Document
A document here is represented by its `id` and optional `properties`.
In order to display a document in an interface, it's preferred to use `properties`, which is an arbitrary collection of values.
For example, it could contain an image url, a full article url, the publication date, the author or much more.
The properties that were added when the document was submitted to us, are just mirrored here.

## Auth
The API requires an authenticationToken when used.
Please see further down in this README.md file, or refer to the test included in this SDK's codebase, on how to set this token correctly.
\\
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0-rc10
- Package version: 1.0.27
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install xayn_front_office_sdk --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your xayn_front_office_sdk from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

# Getting started

## Prerequisities

Before using this library, ensure that you have submitted a reasonably large amount of documents via our other SDK, the back office.

Any usage of this SDK depends on the above requirement, without it, none of the functionality that this SDK provides will be of use.

## Setting up the SDK

Our SDK includes a test code page, which simply invokes each existing method. Method invocation examples can always be copied from there.

This SDK has been generated via OpenAPI. The original spec files can be found in our [open source git repository](https://github.com/xaynetwork/xayn_discovery_engine/tree/main/web-api/openapi).
If preferred, you can also generate the SDK yourself using the tooling provided by [OpenAPI](https://www.openapis.org/).

The following code snippet initializes the API using 2 parameters:
- A `base_url`, which acts as the endpoint for API calls
- An authorization token

```javascript
let base_url = $URL
let authorizationToken = $TOKEN

// create a client with the base_url
let client = new XaynFrontOfficeSdk.ApiClient(base_url);

// pass the token to the client
let api_key = client.authentications["ApiKeyAuth"];
api_key.apiKey = authorizationToken;

// finally, initialize the api with the client
let api = new XaynFrontOfficeSdk.FrontOfficeApi(client);
```

## Interacting with documents

Next, we will create an interaction for a document. We currently support only a positive interaction, or a "like".

The following paramers are required:
- A valid document ID, matching any ID which exists in the system
- A user ID

As explained above, a user is nothing more than a unique `String` under which we accumulate document interactions.

The user does not need to be created seperately, if we receive an "unknown" user via an interaction, then we simply create that user on our side. The user then exists from this point and can recurringly be used in the future.

The next example is a simple document interaction:

```javascript
const positive = "Positive"
const documentId = "document_A"
let user = $USER

api.updateUserInteractions(user, {
    documents: [
        {
            id: documentId,
            type: positive,
        },
    ],
}).then((result) => {
    console.log("done!")
})
```

## Obtaining user recommendations

If you have performed at least _one_ interaction for a given `user_id`, as portrayed in the above example, then you can also use the next example to fetch recommendations.

The count parameter is optional, it defaults to 10 if not specified.

```javascript
let user = $USER

api.getPersonalizedDocuments(user, { count: 10 }).then((result) => {
    // print the full list of recommendations
    console.log(result.documents)
})
.catch((error) => {
    // when no interactions have taken place yet, you will receive an error
    console.log(error.body.kind) // prints "NotEnoughInteractions"
})
```